9:00 a.m. in Shanghai, Shenzhen, and
here in Hong Kong. You're watching the
China show. I'm Yvonne Man.
And I'm April Hong in Singapore. We're
counting down to the open of the Greater
China markets. Our top stories, Asian
stocks swinging and oil edging higher as
the US launches new military [music]
strikes on Iran, tempering optimism
about progress on a peace deal.
Hong Kong stocks to resume trading after
a holiday with chip and AI stocks in
focus [music] as Huawei unveils a
potential breakthrough in advanced
semiconductors.
Though Beijing's [music] crackdown on
illegal cross-border trading may weigh
on the market, threatening Hong Kong's
liquidity [music] and booming IPOs.
>> [music]
>> Well, April, it's going to be all about
that Hong Kong reopen here today as
[music] we mentioned, right? Two
opposing forces that could weigh on this
market, whether it's the chips rally and
whether we see, [music] of course, those
eight share Hong Kong listed chip
companies in China continue to see that
catch-up after that huge sort of rally
that we saw on shore. There was that
Huawei afternoon sort of press briefing
thing that really sent things a flight
and then you have this broker story as
well. So, certainly a lot to contend
with here today in the city.
Yes, some crosscurrents when it comes to
Hong Kong's reopening today. Take a look
at the market action. Of course, also
reopening treasuries cash trading. We're
seeing how they've been rallying and
it's interesting how this is led more by
the front end today. We are seeing Brent
still below the 98 handle. Note that the
most active contract, the July one
that's
facing expiration on Friday. Take a look
as well at what we're seeing in US stock
futures as the dollar looks pretty flat.
We are seeing most of the region in the
green today. Korea is playing catch-up.
The chip stocks
are running higher, but you are seeing a
reversal pullback from highs on these
Japanese chip-making related stocks. The
banks also coming under pressure, so the
Nikkei is pulling back from the records
yesterday on a day where Taiwan's market
cap at 4.95 that has overtaken that of
India's. And then take a look at how
greater China assets are setting up as
well as you highlighted earlier some of
these cross currents when it comes to
the Huawei breakthrough. Will we see
Hong Kong markets and the chip-related
stocks playing catch-up today on a day
where perhaps investors also passing
that cross-border
stock market trading crackdown, Yvonne?
Yeah, we're going to have Shirley Wan
from Bloomberg Intelligence to tell us
more about the implications, of course,
of this crackdown, which, you know, it
we've seen before, right? From just a
few years back. In terms of your agenda
today, of course, we talk about that
market reopen here in the city. Keep in
mind, against all those kind of
tailwinds around AI and chips, you also
have the likes of Geely and Minimax,
which was included in that HS Tech uh
review on Friday. So, certainly that
might be more impetus uh for this AI
trade to continue. Uh yuan strength
certainly has been something that we've
been focusing on as well. Wang Yi also
uh there when it comes to uh talking
about a US visit. We have, of course,
the Pakistani leaders uh in China as
well, of course, as they look for
China's more influence, maybe possibly
uh in this Iran situation. And of
course, we do have earnings coming
through from Xiaomi and Pony.ai, which
of course, we'll talk about uh when it
comes to the whole agentic embodied AI
theme. Uh we have uh Shirley Wan from
Bloomberg Intelligence tells me more
about that as well. Something that is
very key for for, of course, the China
show. Uh let's get to, of course, that
top story, which is Huawei's
breakthrough on these chips, which led
to that massive rally in Chinese semi
stocks in the mainland on Monday. Um I'm
guessing this is going to be a big one
today, April, here. And the fact that I
think what sets it apart, what really is
the the thing that really traders are
gravitating to is the fact that they can
do this without the lithography
machines, right? Takes away the ASML
sort of overhang for the chip-making
industry domestically in China. So, you
know, traders are saying this is quite a
breakthrough.
Yeah, logic full, right? That's the
touted technology that
they might be using. But I guess the
question also is with this breakthrough,
the extent in which they can create
scale. But certainly that's created a
lot of optimism, especially given how
geopolitics is driving the
self-sufficiency,
the need for China to make its own chips
and build up the AI ecosystem as well,
Yvonne.
Yep, and it continues to be that trade,
right? Where are those bottlenecks in
this whole AI cycle that continues to
drive momentum across the region here
today. You talk about, you know, Taiwan
overtaking the likes of India, a nearly
$5 trillion
market cap now. That certainly just goes
to show where investors are still
preferring here at the moment. We'll
watch very closely not just the Taiwan
space, the chip space here today, but we
have that other side of the story as
well, with Chinese investors now rushing
to find alternative ways to buy and sell
overseas equities after Beijing launched
its most forceful crackdown yet on
illegal cross-border stock trading.
Let's bring in Bloomberg Intelligence's
Shanny Wong, and she says when it comes
to food, too, when it comes to
up-and-coming tech, I now see them take
big hits to their pre-tax profit.
Shanny, just tell me a little of the
wording that came through in the CSRC
notice here. It was quite harsh. Parse
through, you know, what the language
tells us.
Yeah, I actually think Well, firstly, it
was unexpected. It was a surprise in
terms of the timing, in terms of the
scope,
in terms of the wording, you know,
talking about the severe crackdown and
how there's going to be a lot of
penalties. They're going to confiscate
the profits that they've previously
made. It was a a coordinated statement
from the eight ministries of China and
then um, also the SFC here in Hong Kong
as well issued a a notice on the same
day basically saying that, you know, the
Hong Kong brokers, you need to step up
your KYC, right? Like, you know, check
your check your account openings, you
know, check that people's addresses, you
know, actually legitimate, you know,
like all of those things. So, yeah, it
was uh, quite tough.
Well, the Hang Seng Securities came up
with I think it was like in terms of the
exposure like 30 billion dollars of
assets that I think um, one of these
brokerages holds. How how large have you
looked at the in terms of the remaining
exposure to the mainland market? Yeah,
so for Futu, uh, they've already said
that it's about 13% of their funded
accounts and then for uh, Tiger, they've
they've said it's it's about uh, 10% of
their client assets. So, I think for the
two combined it's it's about 40 billion
US dollars on on our numbers. Um, and so
it it is still material but at the same
time, you know, this crackdown has been
long in the making, you know, it started
in 2021 a- actually. So, it's been five
years and the brokers they have pivoted
away. Uh, so, I think longer term it's
it's it's actually a a good thing.
So, do you get the sense that, you know,
it might be a bit manageable since this
was a bit foreshadowed, you know, in
terms of the impact from the fines, the
two-year timeline to rectify these
operations for the brokerages?
Yeah, so they will both have to take
that one-off hit from the fines. Uh, so
for Tiger, it is much more material on
on our our estimate is about 30% of
their pre-tax profit and then for Futu,
it's it's uh, less at around 13%. So,
that's the one-off hit that they'll
likely have to take. Now, these fines,
you know, it's it's still in flux. So,
uh, I think the brokers are still uh,
going to work with the regulators on
that. Uh, but over the next two years,
the regulators have also asked them that
they need to, you know, end this illegal
business. Uh so, that also gives them a
path to an orderly
exit. Which again is is a good thing.
So, you know, after these 2 years, we do
anticipate the the outlook to be a lot
better because of this
overhang is what would be gone by then.
Yeah, I was just going to ask. So,
longer-term outlook for Futu and Tiger,
what's next beyond the crackdown?
Yes, so because of the wording of the
notice, it pretty much covers
everything, you know, from the removal
of any onshore websites, even onshore
servers. So, now Futu and Tiger, they
both have operations onshore in Shenzhen
and and also in Beijing. So, it's likely
that they're going to have to rethink
their business model or potentially the
operations, how they're going to
structure that their business to ensure
that they comply with the rules.
But then again, as I've mentioned, you
know, especially Futu, they have made
huge inroads into offshore markets
in Singapore, in Malaysia, even in
Japan, Australia. You know, they're
they're a very high-profile retail
player. So, I think longer-term, you
know, the growth potential is still
there. But then, you know, the the 10 to
15% of their business that comes from
the mainland, you know, that that story
is is now over. Yeah. What about for the
implications for the IPO market because
Futu was an underwriter for a lot of the
issuance here? I mean, do you see a big
impact on this thing?
>> think the impact will be minimal. Uh
So, I think historically, mainland
Chinese,
they may have submitted, you know, fake
documents, right? So, the SFC have have
warned warned about it, you know, they
open an account in Hong Kong.
Um but I think it's more for US trading,
right? So, and and the the Nvidias,
Apples, that the like. So, I think while
Hong Kong IPOs, it will still be
impacted somewhat, but but I think the
impact is more on US stocks, which is
what they're more more concerned about.
Okay. Shanny, it's great to have you.
Thank you so much. Shani Wong there, our
Bloomberg Intelligence senior analyst
for diversified financials here on set.
Uh still ahead, we're going to preview
the Hong Kong reopen with Althea
Capital, who are warning a potential
near-term disappointment when it comes
to AI and robotics. And later, we're
going to do a deep dive into [music]
China and Hong Kong's property sector
with HSBC and why they're seeing a
reawakening when it comes to demand.
[music] Michelle Kwok joins us there at
the bottom of the hour. Of course, we're
counting down the open of trade in
Shanghai, Shenzhen, and the reopen in
Hong Kong on this Tuesday morning in
Hong Kong, [music] where futures are
flat this morning. This is the China
show.
>> [music]
>> China futures are flat here this
morning. We are, of course, counting
down to that [music] reopen of Hong Kong
markets here. And obviously, there's a
lot to catch up on, whether it's the
semiconductor trade here. You are seeing
SMIC and Hua Hong Semi indicated higher
in the city today after we saw
double-digit gains for Chinese onshore
equities here in the back of that Huawei
news. So, certainly, that's one thing to
contend with. We talked about the
brokers side of things. Let's talk more
about that and earnings. Uh let's bring
in Vincent Chan, China strategist at
Althea Capital. He joins us here. So, we
we obviously had that correction in
March when it comes to China markets.
How are you looking at the conditions
now?
Well, in terms of valuation, the China
market is much more reasonable after
correction in March. And if you compare
to US market, for example, it seems that
uh the China market can have a lot to to
catch up in terms of valuations. The
bigger problem, however, is that the the
final demand in China is still quite
weak. If you look at consumption,
investment, and earnings of Chinese
company
uh weak as well. Uh because we will
expect, like um
well, if you look at analyst forecast in
last few years, MSCI China's earnings
always 15% growth. Okay. But uh
actually, I just checked the number.
2026 consensus MSCI China earnings
already revised down to 6 to 7% growth
already.
Um earnings seems to be going to another
round of disappointment uh this year. I
think the bigger problem is that um the
really big companies in China that China
has two groups of companies. Some of
them are very big, their earnings are
very stable. Uh banks, the internet
companies,
uh whatever. They are not going fast.
They are low low to mid single digit
type of earnings growth. And then you
have another group which is have very
exciting stories.
The electric vehicle,
uh solar solar not that exciting anymore
but anyway. Uh
AI. But they don't really have much
earnings. They they are very competitive
globally. They are very competitive.
But uh if you look at their earnings,
they're not delivering in terms of
>> So you you don't see the the clear path
to sort of monetization even when it
comes to the AI theme right now. Uh no.
Okay. Uh every time Deep Seek has a new
model, you cut the price by another 80%
or 90% so well. It's great market share.
That that definitely yes. But um
uh pricing power is still a
big part I think except for car battery.
That's probably one sector you see some
pricing power from Chinese companies.
Most Chinese sectors, great stories but
not much pricing power, not much
profits.
Mhm.
Averil, I think you have a question.
>> [laughter]
>> Yeah.
Um
does it speak though Vincent to I guess
perhaps their different approaches
versus say what the US AI companies are
trying to achieve and in China maybe AI
frontier technology the idea is that
it's more for common good so they're
okay with subsidizing the whole
ecosystem in a way.
Mhm. Mhm.
Uh Uh,
yeah, there's a big debate here. Long
term, I think, well, no one knows at the
at the moment what whether the the US
strategy of uh high capex, high pricing
of AI products versus the China model of
lower capex and much lower pricing will
work out in the long term. Or maybe they
just cover different markets. But as an
investor, well, we cannot be that
Sometimes we cannot be that long term.
We have to confine our horizon in like 2
years, 3 years, whether whether you can
deliver earnings.
Uh at the moment uh uh
we haven't seen it happen yet. I I said
that's the only thing I can say.
Talk to us as well about what you're
seeing in terms of regulatory action. I
mean, we hearing in the past week about
how Chinese authorities seem to be, you
know, trying to constrain some of these
cross-border stock market flows. Do you
see that as a headwind?
Uh
let's look at it from a background
perspective. Um China always uh very
cautious about unregulated offshore
capital outflow. Um this has been the
case from early '90s almost, and it
doesn't change. And And I don't think it
will change uh
ahead.
And secondly, is that we probably need
to think about another angle is that in
the last few years
um these kind of uh uh uh cross capital
flow, a lot of them actually goes to US
AI companies,
um Korea and Taiwan uh semiconductor
manufacturing companies, uh which end up
uh and will be major competitors of
Chinese companies. So, from that
perspective, I think there are quite a
strong incentive uh from both a uh uh a
financial
uh uh opening management, financial
system management, as well as a national
competitiveness to regulate this part of
Chinese capital outflow.
You mentioned that China, in order to
close that valuation gap with the rest
of Asia, if it gets and plays its cards
right, what what what would playing what
what card would they have to play, you
think? At the end of the day is
consumption. Okay.
Well,
with the kind of stage of development,
China's
consumption growth should not be 2% in
nominal terms. It's be more like 8% in
nominal terms.
And the biggest gap is not so much in
goods consumption, but in services
consumption. Because if you compare the
retail sales of China as a proxy for
goods consumption versus the US consumer
goods, they are actually quite similar
to each other. Already, on a per capita
basis, no, but absolute size,
but service consumption China is
significantly left behind. The key at
the end of the day is how to boost
service consumption in China. But this
has will necessary involve some kind of
redistribution system, such that
everybody get a bigger income, so they
are more willing to to to spend on
consuming services,
and then the service of consumption,
because people's wages going up, will
charge a higher price, and then you have
a vicious circle going on. At the
moment,
be frank, I think consumer are actually
enjoying decent consumption decent
service consumption in China, but at a
much lower price, and it is not counting
GDP. How to make that
become a more expensive, but a bigger
GDP contributor of the whole service
sector. I think I think that that's
still the the long-term key for China.
Yeah.
It seems like when it comes to domestic
side, things are still not too
optimistic. Earnings are not too
optimistic. For anyone that wants to
still stay invested in the China market,
what what what to do then? Uh, now I
think well, China's
manufacturing companies and its
technology are very competitive. I don't
think we need to debate on on this side.
So, some of them will be winners.
Um,
but at this stage it is much more going
into stock picking rather than the broad
market because the broad market is very
much dominated Look at the biggest
company in China.
They mainly serve the domestic market.
They have very large market share. So,
their growth largely constrained by
China's GDP growth which is not too
strong. But some of the smaller
companies probably could for exports,
going global, grabbing market share some
somewhere. But I think the key is
um, you need to be selective to find the
sectors that have the pricing power.
Uh, I think this is really the important
most important thing. Not so much
technology, but the pricing power.
And then there's also, you know, that
ongoing debate when you look across the
region given the AI leadership of
markets such as Korea and Taiwan. I
mean, China at this stage, do you see
there being enough of a narrative that
could fuel things along? I mean, what
could change this?
Um,
well, okay. I think the China narrative
with purely from a narrative perspective
actually even stronger than the Korean
and and Taiwan's company. Look at the AI
model download. Mhm. Uh, China's AI
model download is only second to the US.
But you don't find it in a very
investable large cap representation in
the stock market. Maybe for example,
some of the bigger internet companies
like Alibaba spin off their their AI
operations, their cloud operations. It
would make the markets more interesting
on on certain part of it. But at the
moment is either the AI story in China
is either they uh, are very small
startup companies which at this stage
very difficult to see the the the
earnings
uh, trajectory or they are in a very big
companies, which is basically the AI
part of stories being, you know,
overshadowed by some other much slower
growth business.
Uh and on on the equipment side, um
you could expect, for example, the
recent Huawei news, you probably expect
that there should be some more hardware
plays on on on this AI theme. Yeah. But,
again, the problem is that um most of
these
uh
AI-related stocks um their absolute size
of the earnings are still very small,
but trade they are trading at 300, 400
times PE. So,
>> Yeah.
I mean, that's the dilemma of China.
Vincent, it's great to have you. Uh
Vincent Chan there, China strategist at
Altheia Capital. As he was talking about
uh when it comes to some of these
semiconductor hardware sort of sectors
here, we're certainly looking at when it
comes to some of the chip space here.
And yes, as expected, we are seeing
quite a bit of a catch-up rally here
from the likes of SMIC, Huahong Semi, uh
all up some 15% ASMPT as well uh after,
of course, Huawei announced this new
development here, a pathway to shorten
that gap with the likes of industry
leaders like TSMC in making these
advanced chips as well. The pre-market
is looking like this here in Hong Kong
here today.
>> [music]
>> Uh we're looking at this war very much
still a flat Hang Seng here, which is
what exactly what Vincent was saying,
right? You can't really exactly buy the
index. It's really about being selective
stock pickers here in this market. 678,
though, it is a stronger [music]
uh RMB here this morning. We have the uh
open, of course, the agenda and the like
here coming up. This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> Taking a look at Hong Kong pre-market,
of course, we've already seen how Hang
[music] Seng Tech has risen almost 2%,
and against the backdrop of the
continuation of the AI trade and the
extent in which these Chinese chip
making-related stocks uh extending
yesterday already the reaction we saw on
the mainland and Hong Kong markets
reopen. Of course, the cost current here
is coming from China's crackdown on
brokerages and the extent in which that
could perhaps derail a bit of what we're
seeing on Hong Kong in terms of the IPO
boom. Although some of our colleagues
have also highlighted that maybe, you
know, things are still looking solid,
Yvonne.
Yeah, because there's still other ways.
I think investors are still looking for
alternative ways to still, of course,
uh keep that China exposure whether it's
opening a HSBC account or going through
a stock connect and the like. So, uh
certainly that is continues to be a key
story here. Futu though, uh we are
seeing there a downgrade from the likes
of Morgan's Goldman Sachs I should say
cut to neutral there uh for the stock.
Um you know, they're talking about the
the the hit to earnings could be quite
substantial. So, certainly that's one
thing that we have to track there.
They're
slashing that price target as well to
102.13.
Uh and Kuaishou as well upgraded at
Morgan Stanley. They're saying when it
comes to the market underestimated the
upside from that potential Kling
spin-off. So, let's take a look at what
it comes to of course the chips though
cuz that is still going to be uh why
we're seeing HS Tech higher and why
we're seeing uh really the tech space
looking pretty good. There you go. SMIC,
Hua Hong, and ASMPT all up double digits
15% gains here as well of course on that
Huawei development [music] that we got
in the last what 48 hours or so. We have
the open coming up next. This is
Bloomberg.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Welcome back. You're watching the China
show. We're counting down to the open of
markets. Of course, the long holiday for
Hong Kong and [music] we are expecting a
bit of a catch up as far as chip related
stocks are concerned. But we are seeing
the reversal in some of these chip names
[music] in Japan, for example, along
with the banks. So, that's the drag
you're seeing on the broader benchmark
for the region. China [music] big bank
price targets getting upgrades from some
of these investment banks. So, that
could be interesting kind of
crosscurrent that we see today as well
in the market, [music] Yvonne.
Yeah, I think that was the Morgan
Stanley call about, you know, looking at
the industrial upgrades
>> [music]
>> uh really as maybe a way that would bode
well for the banking industry. Uh so,
certainly that's one thing to watch in
terms of some of these China lenders
here today. But, in terms of your market
open, it looks like we're we're looking
at a pretty flat Hong Kong reopen here.
But, certainly there are nuances here in
the whole tech trade of things. Onshore
markets are doing this. We actually did
see uh 1% gain or more in the CSI 300
yesterday. Potentially that that
brokerage clampdown that we're seeing
from regulators, you know, does that put
more impetus for Chinese investors to
tilt more domestically uh into Chinese
stocks? That certainly is one key
question. Uh but, we're coming off a
little bit of uh the gains yesterday
here, and we're watching very closely uh
when it comes to crude markets. So, we
are following the oil price slightly
lower here today just given the fact
that, you know, just the thought of just
some sort of peace deal uh was enough
for the market to kind of cool down
there uh when it comes to oil traders
and what they were uh looking at here
today. But, then again, here you go. Um
we're seeing when it comes to Capricorn
tech, though, some of these chip stocks
which surged yesterday onshore uh seems
to be coming off a little bit as well.
But, you're still seeing CATL do okay
here this morning. Uh we're also
watching when it comes to Shenzhen,
seeing a little bit more uh downside
here today. If you take a look at what
comes to the Hong Kong reopen, here you
go. This is the big one. Uh we're pretty
flat when it comes to the benchmark. In
fact, we're actually seeing declines
now. We're down about 4/10 of 1%. We're
just around that 25,500 level. But, HS
Tech is certainly standing out. And I
think it's really with the chip space.
We take a look at some of the big, you
know, China tech
internet platforms and the like, and
they're not participating in this as
well. So, you're starting to see once
again that bifurcation within the China
tech space once again. Tencent, Alibaba,
Baidu, Meituan's down close to 4%.
Xiaomi as well, which comes up with
earnings a little bit later on. So,
that's not doing too well, but really um
it's really just the semiconductor space
that might be lifting HS Tech here
today. When you take a look at what
comes to offshore China, at least we're
seeing you know, six well well below the
680 handle when it comes to RMB. So, uh
you continue to see that dollar cooling,
which which could help overall here in
the region, but then again, um the lot
of the focus seems to be here on Taiwan,
right? Just they just overtook India as
the fifth largest equity market in the
world. So, certainly uh Taiwan, the
north north sort of Asia benchmark still
looking like it looks better maybe
relatively speaking to China. Take a
look at what comes to chip space though,
that's the bright spot today. So, there
you go. Um you're seeing the likes of
SMIC, Hua Hong Semi, ASMPT, they're all
surging here today. Uh certainly there's
going to be a lot of uh optimism around
this Huawei chip that was announced. It
was sort of this late afternoon session
surge in the stocks yesterday in the
onshore market because there was this
Huawei sort of press briefing uh that
that you know, really people were
focusing on uh to really send these
stocks higher. Uh in terms of some of
these HSI reviews that came out on
Friday. This is sort of uh extension of
some of the the moves that we saw, but
we're actually seeing them come off
here. So, Zhuhai Huajin MiniMax have
been included into the HS Tech uh index
in terms of what the additions on the
HSI. So, there's a bit of biotech, so
you have BeiGene Medicines, you have J&T
Global Express, you have Chalco, which
now have also uh been added to the HSI
as well. All right. Uh lots to unpack
here for more on Hong Kong markets.
Joining us now is HSBC Head of Hong Kong
Equity Research and Asia Real Estate
Research Michelle Kwok. She joins us
here. Michelle, it's great to have you.
Um you're coming back from a holiday.
I'm just wondering, you know, we we've
seen this whole North Asia sort of
narrative. Um, there's been
waves of it, but really continues to be
people leaning towards these as the
whole AI picks and shovels trade, and
Hong Kong seems to be continuously left
behind. Have you seen any change in
sentiment lately? I think you're quite
right. Um, anything that's out of the AI
theme, uh, clients immediately start
asking about the opportunity costs. What
am I losing out if I'm not investing in
AI? Should I invest in other, uh,
sectors? Um, how much am I losing out?
So, that's question number one. But
also, in terms of the Hong Kong market
overall, clearly hasn't really performed
that well relative to, um, other parts
of the world. But clients aren't that
discouraged because if you actually look
at subsectors, there are actually
opportunities to generate the alpha. If
you have that risk appetite to front run
a bit, um, to spot that cycle in any
cyclical sectors, you are actually able
to front run. I think real estate is one
example, Hong Kong real estate market.
But also, there's a whole lot of good
stuff happening in Hong Kong. So, we saw
the good GDP print, visitor arrival,
retail sales actually shipping up to be
quite optimistic as well for the full
year. Um, should be 12% versus 1% up
last year. So, um, I think the other
point that I really like to stress is
liquidity in Hong Kong, around 260
billion, um, ADT year-to-date. Um, I
always stress the point about liquidity
because having that liquidity is really
going to encourage risk-taking. Yeah, I
mean, you said the turnover has been
what, 260 billion. Do you do you expect
turnover to stay sustainable? I think
because we now have a rebalancing act,
and with the 500 odd active applicants
coming through potentially to get
listed, we are going to have a
diversification process in a number of
Hong Kong stocks that get actually
listed. So, the composition of that is
going to encourage,
um, sector rotation. Um, it's going to
encourage potential fund flow into some
of the under invested sector. So, I
think really about going bottom up to
spot sectors that actually will be able
to turn around with optimistic earnings
upgrade.
And to what extent is this all
underpinned by what you're seeing in the
property recovery? What are the signs
you're seeing there?
So, I think for Hong Kong real estate,
um, very much a consensus call already.
Um, and I think, uh, a lot of this is
coming through to drive the wealth
effect that we wanted to see and it's
already played out as expected. The
question now is actually how much home
price is going to increase? Is it going
to be 10% or is it going to be 15%? So,
there's wide range of a consensus
forecast out there. But, I think real
estate is a very important element
driving the optimism because
historically what we have seen is home
price in Hong Kong has had a very high
correlation to the performance of HSI.
So, that currently is very important
sector to continue to monitor.
And what about on the mainland? Are you
seeing already the signs of bottoming
out as well or do you think the housing
sector there needs a bit more help?
So, um, the core of our thesis over the
past couple of years that was a little
bit unpopular 3-4 years ago is about a
2026 inflection. Um, and this inflection
to us is now already playing out. We
think we are there. I think importantly,
um, the market's mindset has also
greatly changed. They have all become a
little more practical. So, from
expecting a nationwide recovery 2-3
years ago to now pretty practical into
expecting only top tier cities leading
this recovery. So, what we have seen in
the China market is also the liquidity,
um, in the resale market. So, secondary
homes, uh, volume have actually chased
up since 4th quarter last year. And
importantly, this is against the
backdrop of no big policy announcement.
>> Yeah. So, what that actually means is
that we have arrived at a somewhat of a
blue sky scenario with our new policies,
but transaction volume already
recovering and also in the new home
market, selective pockets of strength um
in some cities and projects have already
seen pricing being marked up. And you
mentioned it it's really going to be the
sort of mass market sort of recovery or
demand. Um
what in terms of just how to
invest around that space? I mean you
you've you prefer what CR Land, C&E
season. What Why why are these three? I
think CR Land is really an industry
bellwether. Um it's a consensus call.
Everyone has a buy rating on CR Land,
but I think one of the key things that
the market could potentially be missing
is the onshore investors' participation.
Um very interesting. Onshore self-owned
holding in uh China property stocks have
been on a very consistent rise over the
course of the last couple of months.
Actually, that increase started from
September 2025. So, what are onshore
investors buying? They're buying the
policies working out as we have seen.
They're buying a volume increase and a
progressive stabilization in the market.
Cheap alone is not a reason to buy any
industry. Um but so that increase in
self-owned holding um by people that are
very much on the ground, they have a
thorough understanding of the industry,
that is very important signal to us. You
mentioned also as well uh when it comes
to the the Hong Kong property market
that um investors are are are not as
concerned about the US rate uncertainty.
So, even just the threat of even higher
rates, why are they not too concerned
this time around?
>> So, um first, developers' balance sheet
recapitalized. And second of all, from a
homeowner perspective, I think there is
also a great supply-demand uh
rebalancing.
Um the next 5 years' completion is going
to be lower than the previous 5 years.
And mainland Chinese buyers is an
important source of demand for the Hong
Kong housing market. And I think what's
also very important is for the very
first time in history the China housing
market is not competing with the Hong
Kong market. What I mean by that is in
the past, if you are wealthy and you're
in China,
um you may have to decide for yourself
if I want to buy in Hong Kong or in
China. But today, the decision can be
made quite easily because Hong Kong is
enjoying a positive cost of carry. So, I
think that inflow of capital from
mainland China um into the new home
market, that will continue to be a
source of important housing demand.
So, net net Michelle, it sounds like
positive for Hong Kong markets both on
property and maybe stocks.
Can you close the loop a little for us?
I mean, when it comes to how perhaps
there can be a bit more encouragement
for upstream AI in Hong Kong?
Yeah, so um I discussed earlier about
the diversification. At the moment, um
the Hong Kong
uh stock market scene is really
dominated by downstream internet names
that really monetize on consumer clicks.
In the future, it's going to be about
AI. It's going to be about deep tech, uh
some consumer and health care stocks.
And I wanted to stress that the last 10
years, why this is an important
diversification, is because when we look
at the average trading volume of
different sectors,
conventional old economy sectors like
real estate uh saw a dip in average
trading volume. But when we look at
health care and when we look at um uh
the MTM space, uh we've seen a 10-11
fold increase in trading volume in those
space. So, that diversification is going
to be offering a lot of opportunities
for investors come in to invest in
anything that they want in a deeply
liquid and highly regulated offshore
market.
Michelle, it's great to have you.
Michelle Kwok there, head of Asia real
estate and Hong Kong equity research at
HSBC. Coming up, with central banks and
inflation in focus for markets this
week, we have SocGen's global chief
economist [music] Wei Yao. She's going
to give us her take on the impact of the
war in Iran. She's going to be joining
us in the next hour. This is Bloomberg.
Watching developments between US and
Iran as well, the US military says it
has carried out what it calls
self-defense strikes in southern Iran,
including on missile launch sites and
boats placing mines. And this comes just
hours after President Trump said
negotiations with Iran over a deal to
reopen the strait were proceeding
nicely. For more, let's speak to
Bloomberg editor Michael Heave. Michael,
so there was a lot of anticipation,
especially over the weekend, for some
form of an interim deal, maybe an
extension of the ceasefire. But it seems
like again, the reality on the ground,
based on what we're hearing on these
strikes versus what the US president is
saying, there's a bit of a gap there.
Yes, look, there is there is a bit of a
gap, but it by the same token, I think
we've um even during the ceasefire
period we've had since early April,
there's been spot fires that that have
erupted every now and then.
Uh and the the US uh was targeting it
said it was targeting uh the the the
laying of sea mines, which has been a
real concern um for trying to get the
the Strait of Hormuz reopened and and
for the safety of commercial shipping.
So they say it was a defensive action
that they were that's what they were
targeting, boats that were doing that.
Um and by the same token, we've also
seen over in on the border of Israel and
Lebanon, we've seen uh firing back and
forth there as well, even though uh you
know, theoretically there's a ceasefire
between
uh Israel and Lebanon as well. So that
look, there are spot fires, which
doesn't necessarily mean it it derails
that negotiations. I mean, there there
is there are meetings going on at the
moment in Doha. Uh Pakistan's um
military chief is over there, who's been
a keen negotiator. So, it does seem like
there's a couple of tracks going on.
There's There's There's a bit of
fighting happening, but there's also
quite a lot of talking happening as
well.
I think when people hear ceasefire,
Michael, I I wonder how much do they
anticipate or assume that that also
includes the reopening of the Strait of
Hormuz. Do you think that, you know,
experts out there and market
participants, are they still
underestimating the possibility that the
reopening of the Strait of Hormuz could
be part of a deal?
Yeah, look, I don't know if they're
underestimating it. I think previously
that was the case, but that there does
seem to have been, you know, quite a lot
of reporting from both sides um
behind-the-scenes discussions that that
this would be that reopening Hormuz
would be part of it. So, the idea is
that you would have an
um an extension of the ceasefire about
60 days, and simultaneously uh Iran
would would open Hormuz, and the US
would lift its blockade on on Iran.
During that ensuing 60 days or 30 days,
there's been different reports, that the
rubber would really hit the road in
terms of negotiations of of trying to
come to an agreement on Iran's um
enriched uranium, you know, about the
destruction of that or the storage of
that, and putting in a putting a an
extended moratorium on Iran enriching
any uranium. So, these are sort of the
the levels that they're going the stages
they're going at. Now, obviously, for us
um you know, outside of the region, the
opening of the Strait of Hormuz and for
the global economy is hugely important,
but it has been mentioned fairly
regularly there as well. So, I I I think
it is, you know, it it is um a rea-
reasonable to anticipate that would
happen, but again, you know, things can
move so quickly here. They can be
derailed so fast as well. We've heard it
many times before. So, it's really just
a a watch and wait and be nervous until
you actually see it happen.
All right, Michael, thank you for that
update, of course. Michael Heath there,
our Bloomberg editor, with the latest.
And the war in Iran was high on the
agenda for President Xi Jinping's
meeting with the Pakistani Prime
Minister Shehbaz Sharif. Now, news of
their meeting is the top story across
state media today. Stories highlight
Xi's message thanking Sharif for
Pakistan's role in mediating talks
between the DC and Tehran. Now, today's
People's Daily front page is also
dominated by Xi's meeting with the
Serbian president. State media describes
Xi's meetings with the Pakistani and
Serbian leaders as proof of China's
solid and enduring partnerships with its
long-time friends at a time of global
tensions. Let's get more on that
Pakistani Prime Minister's meeting with
President Xi. Our Asia economy and
government executive editor, Dan
Tenkate, joins us now.
What did you make of some of the
comments? I mean, it seems like she was
praising, of course, the Pakistanis role
in mediating this this war. What does
China's role and how does it all fit in
all this, do you think?
>> Yeah, I think if you zoom out a little
bit, we had Donald Trump there, we had
Vladimir Putin there, and now we have
the Pakistanis there.
There's clearly a lot going on behind
the scenes.
What role China plays in that is still
very unclear. They've
obviously have an interest in getting
the Strait of Hormuz open. They want
fighting to stop.
At the same time, they they haven't
shown really that they want to invest a
lot of blood and treasure to make that
happen. So, the latest reports some
reports indicate that Iran wants
China to take the highly enriched
uranium, possibly.
This could be a solution to that
problem.
They definitely don't want it in US
hands as Trump has been saying.
They've also wanted to keep it in the
country. So, whether China could play a
role in that is is one major question.
The fact that Asim Munir was there as
well, Pakistan's field marshal who
basically runs the country,
also indicates that um
that something is going on behind the
scenes and and Munir is heading to to
Doha for these talks in Qatar. So, so
how that actually plays out, we'll we'll
try and get more from the Chinese today,
but we're not exactly sure.
So, things going on in the background, a
number of brokers involved in maybe
trying to mediate for a deal as well.
We're hearing from Saudi media that Iran
is looking for guarantees from China
before any US deal. I mean, what do we
know about this and the extent in which
this can be binding?
Yeah, I think that's the major question.
What what do these guarantees actually
entail?
It could be that China will
have their back at the UN or oversee the
IAEA to to kind of monitor this highly
enriched uranium that comes in.
You know, if it's something like
security guarantees, it's very hard for
China to agree to something like that.
So,
mostly it would probably be on the
economic side or at international
organizations. But again, China has not
ever
and certainly during this conflict
wanted to get involved militarily at
all. So, if it's anything along those
lines,
don't expect that to happen. So, the
devil's really in in the details of what
sort of guarantees Iran would be looking
for. Dan, thank you. Dan Ten Kate there,
Asia economy and government executive
editor
on that meeting between Pakistan and
China. We have plenty more ahead. This
is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> Welcome back to the China show. Here are
some of the other big stories we're
following [music]
from around the world. One of Samsung's
smaller unions reportedly seeking to
halt a vote on a tentative [music] wage
agreement between the company and its
largest union. Yonhap says the union
representing non-semiconductor [music]
workers plans to file an injunction with
a Suwon District Court today. The
tentative deal Samsung struck last week
staved [music] off a potentially
catastrophic strike.
BHP has reportedly pulled back on key
decarbonization projects in its West
Australian iron ore operations.
>> [music]
>> According to leaked internal documents
cited by The Guardian and ABC
Television, the company last year
shelved or deferred solar, wind, [music]
and battery projects. A BHP spokesperson
says many technologies the mining
industry needs to achieve net zero are
not yet ready to deploy.
The Shanghai Stock Exchange says it'll
hold a meeting next week to review the
IPO application of Chinese robotic
[music] startup Unitree. According to
its prospectus released in March,
Unitree was planning to raise about $620
million [music]
with a listing on the Star Market, and
it said the proceeds would fund research
into AI models for robotics, [music]
develop new products, and expand
manufacturing in Wuhan.
All right, checking markets here right
now. Yeah, you're starting to see stocks
pare some of the gains here. Oil has
been also climbing a bit now on reports
about the US and the strike on Iran. But
certainly, when it comes to the hardware
versus internet side of the things, it's
a clear winner here today. When you take
a look at what comes to Lenovo, we're up
another 12% after the back of last
week's earnings here. And this whole
re-rating continues really for the
company. While home semi, also the chip
space doing very well, we're up 11% on
the first side. Look at Meituan, we're
down some 5% extending those losses here
today. Keep in mind Xiaomi also reports
a little bit later on as well. When it
comes to Wuxi Biologics, we're watching
also the biotech space here today. So,
they've announced a share buyback, so
the stock is up about 2%. So,
repurchasing shares up to $400 million
as well. That is also lifting the stock
here. Asia's tech addition talked about
Jiifu, we talked about Minimax. Uh
perhaps it's just sort of a
profit-taking sort of story here that
you're seeing when it comes to these
stocks here now that it's official that
they have joined the HS Tech Index here.
We are seeing a bit of a sell-off here
today. Meituan is down close to 10% here
right now and we're watching of course
some of the additions as well in the
HSI. B 1 Medicines, J&T Global Express,
Chalco among the like there. Two of the
three still doing okay this morning. So
certainly that's one thing to watch as
we are starting to see and we count down
to US markets reopening as well. We take
a look at when it comes to the greater
side of greater China markets here. It
it doesn't look like to be a too
positive story if you look onshore or
offshore here today
with chips really the rare sort of
bright spot in all of this as well.
>> [music]
>> But we'll continue to watch this space
here. HS Tech is also coming off some of
the initial highs. We're only up about
half of 1%. Well, a lot more on the way
in the next hour. You're [music]
watching The China Show.
>> [music]
>> Welcome back to The China Show. A look
at the HSI half hour into the session.
We've [music] come back from that
three-day holiday in a very uneventful
way. Take a look at that. We're up about
a fifth of 1% here today. We're
unchanged when it comes to the A-share
market. But April, as we've been talking
about, you got to look at different
pockets of this market, right? When you
look at chips, for example, that
continues to be a up arrow story.
Oh, what's next, right? That seems to be
the word that we're latching on these
days for AI especially. So look at how
the chip-related stocks are faring after
the mainland markets had their own party
just a day ago. I think that is the
catch-up you're seeing that is helping
to offset what you're seeing on the Hang
Seng in terms of the drag for the
Chinese internet-related stocks. On the
Nikkei, you're seeing some reversal for
the chip names, but broadly the gauges,
you look at South Korea, that's where
the catch-up is. It's interesting today
Taiwan in terms of market cap has
exceeded India's $4.95 trillion. And
this is something that's really been
driven by the relentless rally. If we
can take a look at this terminal for you
on what we're seeing from TSMC. Today,
that chip maker, you're seeing it
pulling back a little bit, but investors
are still trying to look for other ways
into the AI play. So, the likes of
MediaTek, for example, those are the
stocks that are helping still the Tai X
in terms of that market cap. Take a look
at how it has overtaken India. It's
really this narrative of when it comes
to markets and stocks now, the AI haves
and have-nots. Speaking of, take a look
at how US stock futures are faring. Of
course, this is on from a long weekend
as well, and perhaps the continuation
still from Friday where some of the
US-Iran optimism was fueling stocks. If
we can take a look at what we're seeing
on the macro board, flip the boards if
we can, in terms of what we're seeing on
the geopolitical backdrop as well and
how you're looking at oil prices. They
are still sitting below the 99 handle.
That seems to be clearing out some of
these concerns for treasuries. They are
rallying. We're seeing cash trading
return, of course.
It's interesting because the front end
today seems to be leading what we're
seeing on the longer end of the curve.
So, maybe those structural concerns are
still weighing on the back end, the long
end of things for treasuries. If I'm
Yeah, that flattening yield curve
certainly is one thing to watch. But as
you say, right, there's a lot of
questions of whether this, you know, the
the peak is in when it comes to global
DM yields at least. It's interesting
that oil markets are a little bit more
elevated here during the Asia session.
There has been some US reports or
reports from the New York Times about US
strikes on Iran sites as well. So, that
might be leading why we're seeing a
little bit of reversal here in the oil
story. For a deeper look at how markets
are faring, let's bring in our team. Our
markets reporter Anthony Stevens, is
here along with Robert Lee, our
Bloomberg Intelligence senior analyst.
Anthony, I'll start with you on chips,
really. We talked about this yesterday.
It seems like it's continuing here in
Hong Kong today.
>> after we spoke about the Huawei
innovation, right? The stocks were up
around 6% when we spoke, they finished
limit up. So, that's 20% on the
mainland. So, you know, it's it's a bit
reasonable to expect some moderation of
that bullishness today given the little
uptick in like the Iran tensions. We
have our other kind of moving parts as
well in Hong Kong as it comes back,
right? We have that regulatory crackdown
on Futu last week. That's kind of coming
into the China internet sector here,
reminding people that regulatory risk
still is alive. Meituan is probably the
focus of that kind of concern given that
it's down 6%. This is a company that was
kind of tapped by China regulators
before. So, you know, investors have
very long memories and they're and
they're a little bit traumatized on this
topic. On the other side though, we
continue to see this search for
bottlenecks. It's becoming a cliché at
this point, but we we do have these
outsized moves that kind of justify
attention to this team, right? Even
today at a headline index level, you see
some stuff like Samsung Electra Micronix
electromechanics up 18%. A lot of stuff
in in Taiwan is up again 8, 9% and
Lenovo, a name that you guys have talked
to directly, that that stock's up double
figures now after CFO after the CFO
basically cited, you know, kind of
relentless demand for AI, right? So, the
tech space is becoming quite dispersed,
but following that dispersion is driving
a lot of alpha. I just want to leave
with one quick kind of data point,
right? MSCI momentum is outperforming
normal MSCI by around 30% plus.
>> Wow. Okay. Everyone's you know, touting
this Huawei chip. What what's the Robert
Lee sort of impression so far? Okay, I
think it's a very interesting
development. It was announced at a
technical symposium, so as opposed to a
full-blown global press release, you
know, we're here, we're going to turn
the industry upside down. So, I put it
in context. Also, another bit of context
you look at the reaction in markets
today, although many of them were closed
yesterday because of holidays, you know,
TSMC's share price etc. is barely
changed. So I think that's worth bearing
in mind. But there are parallels here
with deep seek. If you just bear with me
with a second. Deep seek and the the
rest of the Chinese AI companies
due to export controls cannot import the
bleeding edge Nvidia chips. Therefore
that has forced them to innovate and
find very clever ways around that
focusing on software optimization to try
and boost the performance of their
models. Similarly on the chip side,
Huawei cannot and no Chinese company can
legally import EUV equipment from ASML.
So again that's forced them to innovate
with the full weight of state backing
behind them because as you know China is
pushing for self-sufficiency in
semiconductors. So what they've
announced is this thing called logic
folding which if again if you just bear
with me very briefly, if you considered
an industrial park, you've got some
factories. It's all owned by company in
this little analogy. A lot of different
factories, a lot of different
warehouses. You can imagine the goods or
products are shuttling between the the
factories and the warehouses
continuously. Chips work in a similar
way because they're basically millions
and millions of little calculators doing
calculations with lots of bit bits of
memory on the side where once you've
done a calculation these um
the the you know, the sum is solved. So
what they've done in order to reduce the
latency or the delay it takes to shift
data and information from one part of
the chip to the other, they've
effectively stacked one die or bit of
silicon on top of the other and in order
to reduce the latency, to reduce the
path that this information has to take,
they've shortened the path and they
therefore they are reducing delay the
inherent delays within the chip. So
according to what they said yesterday
by 2031 assuming this new technique is
successful,
then that should produce chips that in
performance terms are on par with TSMC's
1.4 nanometer chips. So,
TSMC's due to go to 1.4 nanometer, I
think, in 2028, and Huawei's targeting
2031. The conclusion of all of this is
China is being hugely innovative across
the board in tech. They're narrowing the
gap. Um I think again they work it's a
bifurcated world. They work within their
own ecosystem. Um but there is strong
momentum behind the technological
progress. And if this new technology can
be proven to be cost-efficient and to
generate chips or produce chips at a
good yield, uh I think that will benefit
the entire China tech food chain. You
know, smartphones, AI's, laptops, you
name it. So, it's a very, very
interesting development.
So, how does that help on the
monetization front? Because that seems
to be, you know, what you've latched on
that some of these AI players in China
are struggling on that front. How does
that help the ecosystem overall?
Well, again, because the leading
there is a ban an export ban on these
bleeding-edge chips from Nvidia. So,
therefore, if China is able to produce
more advanced chips domestically, that
will not just benefit their AI players.
Um again, the example that Huawei talked
about yesterday is that
a new dedicated smartphone chip called
Kirin is due to launch in September of
this year. This probably coincides, and
I just checked my notes, with the Huawei
Mate 90 series,
which is their leading-edge smartphone,
roughly in terms of performance goes
head-to-head with the iPhone 18. So,
again, China's making huge progress on
chips. Chips underpin everything within
the electronics world. They they are the
computational engines that everything in
this world relies on. So, China's making
very strong progress on that. It hasn't
completely narrowed the gap, but the gap
is narrowing.
Anthony,
so we've seen chips, chips, chips. It's
all about the hardware side of things.
Is there anything that could derail
this?
Look, I think I just do just to clarify
on the non-chip side of things. I just
want to share a data point. China
basically has the gold and silver medal
on the LLM ranking boards on Open
Router, right? So, DeepMind and Tencent
are both up there. They're just not
monetizing that token usage, right? And
that part of that is that they want to
kind of gain this market share up front
as a loss leader until they can figure
out how to monetize it best cuz these AI
business models are kind of still in
development. Now, that is a big market
concern, right? Because they do not have
the balance sheet or the access to
capital markets that the US hyperscalers
do. And you're starting to see that play
out massively. If you look at If you
bring up Tencent versus Alphabet, for
example, or Alibaba, you know, versus
versus any kind of US company, right?
The lag is quite big. And this is a This
is just basically a discount to China's
AI monetization ambition, not the
technology side, which is well accepted
to be
coherent second tier.
Uh Anthony, you've been talking about
robotics, too, right? We've been talking
about how this is sort of the next leg
in the AI cycle here today. Obviously,
Unitree talking about the Star 50 IPO is
certainly lifting things up once again.
China is on much firmer footing
monetizing this stuff, right?
>> Okay. This is right in their engineering
wheelhouse, right? Uh they've led it
very early on before before robots were
intelligent, China was already a leader,
right? And now that you can put AI into
robots, they're really well placed. And
a lot of the growth that you're seeing
in the Japanese and Korean names are
also China-related, right? If you saw
the import numbers from Japan into
China, they were very strong. And a lot
of that is semiconductors and robotics.
So, China's really well placed, and I
think it's a really good idea to tap the
market when it's hot for this theme.
How are you looking at that sort of
trade? I mean, I know you don't focus Do
you focus Do you focus on robotics at
all, Robert? Or I mean No, I look at
everything.
>> I mean, the AI this whole agentic
embodied AI theme right now. I mean, is
that taking a lot of your focus and
coverage now? I think like Anthony said,
if you cast your mind back probably 10
or 15 years ago, the global leader in
robotics, not just industrial robotics,
but these humanoid robotics was Japan.
And so, China has seemingly come out of
nowhere and produced uh robots. Again,
if you look at the Spring Festival,
which are quite, you know, astounding,
incredible. I'm running out of
superlatives. So, in terms of their
mechanical ability and their agility, it
it really is on another level. Uh the
only slight caveat I would say is whilst
there is a degree of automation going
into them, they're by no means fully
autonomous. So, the software side and
the AI side really needs to catch up.
And maybe I shouldn't name-check Ronnie
Cheng, you know, Malaysia's pride and
joy uh on Comedy Central, but there was
a very interesting YouTube chat there
clip where he looks at a domestic um
humanoid robot with some very
interesting uh conclusions made. I would
highly recommend people look at that um
because whilst, you know, these these
are impressive on the surface, um
there's a bit of a sting in the tail
with his clip. I'll let people watch
[laughter] it. So, I think that the the
the the conclusion is the AI side, the
autonomy side, is not yet there. So,
unfortunately, we're not going to see
household uh you know, robots doing our
household chores just yet. Ugh,
just when I got my hopes up. All right,
Robert, thank [laughter] you. Robert
Lee, our Bloomberg Intelligence senior
analyst, and of course, our markets
reporter Anthony Stevens there. Uh
April, you have some breaking news when
it comes to Sri Lanka.
Yeah, we got some central bank action
here, and how the central bank has
raised its policy rate by much more than
anticipated. I mean, I think estimates
were for it to be at 8.25%.
You're seeing a hike of 100 basis points
here. And we had seen how I think eight
of 10 economists expected a hike of
between 25 to 100 basis points. Two
expected it to be kept steady. And this
is at a time where the Iran war has
really thrown a spanner in the works of
the economic recoveries of some of these
emerging market economies. Sri Lanka had
been recovering from its worst financial
crisis in decades aided by some of these
IMF loans in Turkey. And to help defend
the currency is only that's something
that we're seeing in other emerging
markets as well, including India,
Indonesia, central banks have had to
step up defense of these local
currencies. We're seeing that in the
form of this benchmark rate hike from
Sri Lanka. We'll continue tracking the
market reaction. This is Bloomberg.
Well, continuing to track these
negotiations that are said to be ongoing
between the US and Iran. We're hearing
from the US Secretary of State Marco
Rubio while he's in India talking about
how these negotiations with Iran will
take a few days. The tone here I think
is quite cautious. I mean, we did get
some optimism over the weekend that they
were making really some headway. They
would announce something soon. More
recently, the US president has talked
about how you know, they're not going to
rush into a deal. And Rubio here also
highlighting how the US president said
he'll make a good deal or no deal. So,
certainly watching some of the rhetoric
coming out from
these US leaders and also some of these
other big events to watch this week.
Continuing, of course, to track some of
the central bank action. We've just got
Sri Lanka with that surprise bigger than
expected rate hike. And of course, RBNZ
decision that is due tomorrow. It's
expected to leave things unchanged. But
a couple of other things on deck as well
this week, everyone.
Yeah, your US core PCE numbers,
inflation numbers are certainly going to
be front and focus especially for the
bond market now that we have seen this
global DM sell-off ease off a bit uh
given some of the Iran headlines of
late. Uh and you take a look at what it
comes to the Treasury market, the key
question is, you know, we talked about
last week have we reached this sort of
new new range for yields. I think this
week has been have we reached a peak for
for DM global yields as well. So,
certainly that's one thing to watch here
very closely as we continue to see
Treasuries bid up here this morning.
Let's bring in Wei Yao, global chief
economist at Societe Generale. We just
had Sri Lanka hike 100 basis points. BI
last week with 50. BSP saying they're
behind the curve. I mean, are we
underestimating
how deep this tightening cycle could
look like? I think it's
it's possible. It's quite possible given
the magnitude of the inflation shock. I
I guess nobody expected this blockage of
the strait lasting this long, right? And
here we are. And I think for the EMs
central banks, they are definitely
caught between bad and terrible options
because they need to It's actually less
of the domestic inflation for them. It's
more about the currency stability, the
capital outflows. And now there is more
expectation even for Fed to hike. This
is creating extra pressure on them to to
act. Do you think that they can still
stay on hold than the Fed this year? Or
do you think that there is more pressure
now I think it's definitely not over. As
we see, you know, the the currency
response to to some of the decision,
it just depreciated right after, right?
So, it shows that the pressure is still
building. I mean, each day passing by
without a flow through the Strait of
Hormuz, the pressure will continue to
build.
Wei Yao,
what are you expecting if the strait
does reopen? I mean, are we then set to
see yields easing off a little? I mean,
there's this whole argument that, you
know, it's going to take months for any
sense of normalcy to return. What does
it mean for an area an era of elevated
yields?
So, even if the street opens, indeed, it
would take months to normalize. But, in
that situation, at least we know where
is the peak, right? The the inflation
will not return to where it is. The
pressure will still be there.
Uh but, it definitely removes some of
the downside risk or some of the even
nastier risk when it comes to inflation.
And for the yields, uh I think the
question now is, you know, whether the
central bank can be credible in terms of
managing this inflation pressure. You
know, you if you have a central bank
like like RBA, you know, willing to take
action earlier and quicker, the yields
actually could be anchored uh sooner.
What are you seeing in terms of the
policy options for some of these central
banks? Because it does seem like there's
not a lot that they can do, whether
you're looking at Indonesia, India. I
mean, they've been very creative, I
think, in India in terms of helping to
defend the rupee. What are you looking
that's on the cards for EM central
banks?
Well, I they don't really have a lot of
good options, indeed. You know, what
they can do is keep trying to be
creative, but the creativity runs into
some limit at some point, right? So,
essentially, I think um we will have
more central banks delivering more
hikes, cuz you know, the the the the
currency pressure just cannot be simply
resisted with uh capital flow measures,
you know. So, in this case, I would
think, you know, RBI would not be too
far from a hike now.
Um
China, I guess you could say has has has
been resilient, but the April data was
quite soft. I'm just wondering, is this
just a one-off? I mean, there's been so
much hype about AI investments and AI
exports and and and the like. I'm just
wondering
you know, there's a bit of disconnect
here. Well, I I think actually the April
weakness has more to do with the
structural issue than the Iran
situation. Iran maybe, you know,
bringing back some confidence problem,
but you look at, you know, the
investment, particularly the investment
contracting again, right? That's just
in a way that's what China should
experience now given all these excess
capacity, right? So, how how can you
ever cure this excess capacity problem?
Is to stop or slow the investment cycle.
So, so yeah, so I think, you know, the
structural adjustment is is going to
continue for quite some time. Um
meanwhile, you know, when it comes to
the Iran situation, at least China
doesn't have inflation scare. That's the
good news for them. Um PPI is higher,
but it's it's not really passing down,
you know, passing through to downstream.
It's very clear. It could show up as
better profitability for some companies,
but overall, you know, um
I think it's it's it's a adding some
challenge to China, but it's more of
China's own problem to solve. This
K-shaped recovery or K-shaped economy it
seems to be coming back in a big way
where you have, you know, manufacturing
doing still quite well, exports are
still doing quite well, but the
consumption side continues to head the
opposite direction. Do you think this
sort of two-shaped economy can continue
to still deliver growth or even some
sort of reflation? Yeah. The way I look
at it is actually more about, you know,
invest investment doing worse than
consumption. To me, that is actually a
good sign, Right. This paves the way to
rebalance,
>> I see. right? It paves the way to more
disciplined capacity uh growth and, you
know, essentially will limit the supply
down the road. I think for now the
manufacturing doing better is also, as
you pointed out, is all AI, you know,
you look at the Asia trade data is all
Asia AI trade. If you exclude AI, things
actually don't don't improve much. It's
pretty much stagnant.
We are
It's interesting also because there
seems to be a rumbling sense of this
becoming a bit of a social issue. I
mean, the pressure that governments and
companies are under to redistribute the
gains from AI, but I mean, aside from
that, this is really a global issue. To
some extent, we're seeing that in the US
at the time where Kevin Warsh has taken
over. What are you expecting in terms of
his ability to build consensus at the
time where, you know, there's so much
uncertainty out there, not just from AI,
the impact from the war as well.
Yeah, it's going to be a big challenge
for this new chair, right? I mean, even
before the Iran war, the inflation was
already sticky. It was already getting
harder for Fed to just to justify any
easing. Now, with this upside risk from
the Iran the oil energy inflation,
it is just basically eliminating all the
scope for for easing. Now, the question
is, is the Fed going to hike? I think
the I think Warsh has, you know, has a
record of of being a really good
communicator. Um we do believe that most
likely situation he could still kind of
um manage the ball in a way just making
no move. Um but, you know, but it's it's
going to get harder, especially if we
see core PC persistently, you know, um
kind of sustaining above 3% even well
within second half, then
the the the high core is going to be
very difficult to resist. You've been
reading a lot about AI. Do you think AI
is inflationary? And could actually
generate new demand. You will. I think
AI at this point to me is very clearly
inflationary
because it is, you know, it's very clear
we can't build the computing power fast
enough, right? You look at the entire
kind of dynamics along the supply chain.
Memory chips prices are surging, right?
Which is leads to a lot of kind of
downstream prices
also moving up. You also looking at the
electricity prices are pushing up,
right? So, AI is doing the same thing as
the oil shock. It's stressing the supply
chain. It's adding to the inflation
pressure, at least for now. We can see
productivity coming showing up more
later, but at the moment, I think it's
more inflation than disinflation.
>> started to map out even just what it
could mean for for jobs? I mean, do do
you think that we could be seeing
with productivity gaining that jobs
could be significantly or the whole
labor market be reshaped? It It will. I
think it's uh almost certainly going to
be. Um but the timeline is going to be
very uncertain here, right? Uh
for now, uh we think, you know, at least
this year is is more about capex.
Uh next year, we we need to see more
sectors actually showing productivity
gain as a result of AI.
Wei Yao, it's great to have you. Global
Chief Economist at Societe Generale. We
have plenty more coming up. This is
Bloomberg.
All right, we're talking Samsung, but
not exactly Samsung Electronics here
today. Look at the electromechanics
unit here. Uh one of the biggest movers
on the Kospi here right [music] now. So,
at least three brokerages have lifted
their price targets on overall AI
optimism [music] here. So, they're
talking about uh when it comes to, you
know, they're the biggest beneficiary of
the AI super cycle uh for [music]
Samsung Electromechanics there. We're up
more than 18%. We have plenty more
coming up. This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> It's 11:29 a.m. in Tokyo. Japanese
markets going [music] to break in a
minute and take a look at how we're
seeing the pullback from yesterday's
highs on the index. Uh the Nikkei, the
Topix as well. And this is coming as
some of the chip stocks that have
benefited from memory trades, including
Kioxia, facing a bit of pressure. But,
you are still seeing the likes of
SoftBank that is a stock that has risen,
I think what, 50% in the span of less
than a week, really benefiting from this
tailwind from the focus on AI valuations
from SpaceX, Open AI maybe as well. And
then think about what we've seen in the
past week, Nvidia,
um the chip stock rally that's really
fueled the optimism surrounding
SoftBank. So, helping to cap some of the
declines you're seeing on the Japanese
benchmark. Dollar yen still sitting just
under the 159 handle. You are seeing the
10-year around 2.7.
I think the continued concerns, they are
still there when it comes to not just
the 10-year, but the longer end of
things in Japan. Take a look at how the
rest of the region is faring. Of course,
today is the day where South Korea has
been participating, partaking in this
chip stock rally. Ivon, you just spoke
about some of the broadening out of the
South Korea trades. It's interesting how
investors have also refocused to
robotics or embodied AI. So, looking for
new ways into the AI investment themes.
Today, the benchmark is still sitting
about half a percent higher in the
region. You're seeing S&P 500 futures
also well in the green. The dollar is
flat. We did see a bit of slippage
yesterday along with the declines in the
dollar or the Brent prices, I should
say, against the backdrop of these
US-Iran developments. It's interesting
the kind of turn that it's taken, but
overall, you are seeing some of the
pullback in oil prices. I think helping
to ease some concern when it comes to
treasuries as well. Supportive backdrop
macro wise when it comes to stocks, and
you're seeing mostly positive across the
board. Ivon.
Yeah, I mean, as you look, of course,
beyond just the benchmarks, you got to
look for themes, right? And I think
that's particularly what you're seeing
China, but when you look at just overall
the theme of robotics, right? This whole
sort of theme of physical AI is really
kind of taking shape
in this part of the world. And and
really it's not just from from China and
the humanoid robots and the and the
technologies that we're seeing there.
But take a look at you know, stocks like
Hyundai Group for example. You have some
Japanese names as well, which
they really been flying, right? I think
we're tracking here like the Fanuc,
Yaskawa, also Unitree is certainly the
the big one to watch given this
morning's news that they're fast
tracking that IPO on the store our board
as well. So we got to bring in our
thematic analyst, right? Let's bring in
our Shirley Wang from Bloomberg
Intelligence who've been tracking all
things when it comes to embodied AI. Is
this going to be the next sort of phase
in the whole AI story? Um yeah, it
really does stem from what we've seen in
the first half of the year and going on
to the second half of the year. So in
the first half
we did see a lot of geo- geo-political
uncertainty and that's led to some risk
off behavior and so we're seeing this
big rotation
underway into real assets and real
assets does include things like data
center infrastructure, commodities,
materials, and heavy equipment. So these
do tend to offer you know, like more
tangible value and cash flows in
in the set of volatility
in in the market. And it's really going
to just continue to drive a lot of the
dispersion that we're seeing within the
tech space, right? Where people are
looking for the AI and AI adjacent sort
of sectors now. Yeah, exactly. So
embodied AI, you know, what I like to
call physical AI that is one of those
adjacent types of themes that we're
seeing and it's carrying this knock-on
effect from the AI type of you know,
enthusiasm.
And so we did see some AI volatility in
the first half, you know, particularly
in the in the software names.
But the really the conversation is
around um, embodied AI, physical AI,
monetizing and commercializing on their
research and their product innovation.
Um, and so embodied AI is essentially
um, you know, those that can integrate
um, AI into their physical um, systems.
And that does include um, robotics,
autonomous vehicles, um, even data
centers, as well.
For AI, given the CapEx, I think
investors are always looking out for the
next big thing, right? So, beyond, you
know, what we've seen already and then
embodied, are there other key themes
that you're watching out for in the
second half of the year?
Um, yes. So, um, speaking of CapEx, we
do have um, you know, like announces
that we did uh, with our global team is
that um, AI CapEx on a global level um,
is going to reach a trillion um, this
year in the next 12 months. Um, so that
uh, potentially a lot of that could be
um, allocated into embodied AI physical
AI uh, types of systems. So, um, the um,
the potential is that, you know, we do
see that um, some of these frontier um,
tech themes, such as space, um, and
humanoids, um, you know, they're looking
to commercialize, they're looking to
monetize and so they're ready for um, to
move from the research labs onto the IPO
stage um, for for this year is what
we're we're seeing a lot of um, as well.
And for the space theme, we did launch a
space theme this year. And um, so within
our space theme, there is um, things
like satellite communications, um, you
know, companies that are related to of
course the rocket manufacturers, the
component makers of that, as well. Um,
as well as those that collect space
data. Um, and um, also these uh, those
that are involved in the cyber attacks
that could potentially um, you know, are
related to the space network, as well.
Um, and so those uh, types of themes,
you know, we've seen space stocks in our
um space economy index, those have gone
up in terms of valuations up to 97 times
their PE. [clears throat]
>> Wow.
>> Um so a lot of investors are placing um
you know, that type of evaluation um
onto those companies.
>> Is that warranted? Or do they make
money, these these space companies?
>> Uh well well we'll have to wait and see.
Um um I mean like
>> IPO? I mean, how should we be looking at
this one? Um you uh so um you know, our
our US team has done um some some
excellent research on that um because
the SpaceX is still you know, hasn't
gone IPO yet. Um but um you know, like
uh but we we potentially, you know, like
do see that um there is a lot of
potential in the space theme overall.
>> Yeah.
>> Um and in the Asia space as as well, you
know, they're developing their space
programs. Um yeah.
>> I want to bring you back to the whole
agentic AI or the at least the embodied
AI space. I mean, everyone's been
talking about, you know, Chinese
humanoid robots and the technology that
we're seeing there. But how how do you
see the competition within the region
right now?
Um so we we look at the robotics theme
um from a supply chain angle. So um so
we're dissecting the robotics theme um
you know, like in terms of uh the
components um makers and in terms of the
robotic makers as well as the humanoids,
um which is a different set. Like so for
the humanoids one, um we're looking at
uh more of it from an AI angle um in
terms of their cognition and in their
brain types of skills um that they have
an ability there. Um and it it really
does vary um in terms of regions as
well. Um but we did look at um the R&D
efficiency, which is, you know, that how
many sales are generated for every um
R&D dollar that is spent. And we do find
that um overall um in the tech space, um
the Asia R&D efficiency is a lot higher
than those um compared to the US, for
example.
>> Interesting. Yeah, so um that's
something to to watch for in terms of
like cost efficiency, research and
development in those areas. Okay.
Shirley, great stuff. Thank you so much
for bringing your research
to our screens here. Shirley Wong,
Bloomberg Intelligence thematic
strategist today talking about Asia's
embodied AI monetization.
Of course, we'll take a look at what it
comes to earnings as well. Traders have
pushed bearish bets on Xiaomi to a
record ahead of its first quarter
results coming out today amid concerns
over rising memory costs and escalating
rivalry in China's EV market. For more,
let's bring in our Asia transport
reporter Linda Liu. She joins us from
Beijing. Tell us a little more about
what to expect this time around from
Xiaomi.
Like you said, Yvonne, I think the short
sellers are smelling blood in the water
because Xiaomi is facing multiple
challenges.
On the memory front, the rising cost has
seen Xiaomi really have to has to cut
back on selling their cheaper lower
margin phones because they just can't
absorb that cost increase. So, we saw
that in the first quarter, Xiaomi's
global smartphone shipments fell
significantly. Around 20%. Most of that
would be cutting down on shipping the
lower cost phones. They're really going
to have to push into the luxury segment
to try to essentially recoup some of the
margins. And you have on the EV front
facing a lot of competition in China
even though the Iran oil shock is
supposed to bring a boost in demand to
the electric cars, but unfortunately in
the China market, it's kind of different
to the rest of the world. Because
government subsidies for promoting EV
purchases are starting to be scaled back
and that has really hit demand. So,
we've seen Xiaomi is trying to bolster
its EV lineup. They just launched a new
SUV which um,
is a performance version of the SUV and
the pricing level is lower, I think at
than what a lot of people have expected
and also bringing out a more cheaper
entry-level version of their SUV. So, it
seems like Xiaomi is really hoping that,
um, having more affordable pricing in
this EV segment will help sustain the
demand.
>> [snorts]
>> Linda, can you talk to us as well about
I mean,
Xiaomi had looked like it was making a
bit of headway. How are things stacking
up when it comes to market share,
uh, versus the other EV makers?
So, Xiaomi has actually been doing
fairly well in market share for such a
young company, uh, in the EV markets.
Uh, at the recent launch they just had
in Beijing,
uh, Xiaomi founder Lei Jun said that
they are really hoping to compete
head-to-head against Tesla. Uh, really
hoping to take the title of China's
best-selling SUV, uh, the Model Y away
from Tesla. So, Xiaomi is, uh, growing
market share very fast, but
unfortunately in China, a market with,
you know, more than a dozen car makers
uh, competing for customers, uh, it is
getting more and more challenging to
maintain the momentum. So, we're going
to really watch closely to see whether
Xiaomi can keep coming out with exciting
new EVs that will put it uh, put it
ahead of its competitors, as well as
ramping up its production to really help
boost, uh, the demand.
Uh, also earnings coming up when it
comes to Pony.ai. So, this is of course
the robo-taxi maker, Linda. What are we
expecting this time around, too?
So, analysts are forecasting a quite a
big jump for its first quarter revenue
uh, somewhere of 50% at least
but the metrics such as net income is
still going to be looking under pressure
losses expected to widen in the first
quarter as a company is ramping up
over in overseas market you need to keep
investing into R&D to sustain the
technology development so Pony AI is in
a very exciting growth industry right
now but investors I think could have
some doubts about how much of this uh
capital outlay it needs in
these
early
early terms to really help develop this
market so we're also watching for any
breakthrough in legislation legislation
wise in China we reported that China has
suspended issuing new robot taxi
licenses after Baidu one of Pony AI's
rivals experienced a glitch in Wuhan so
once the suspension lifts which we're
hoping to see in the next few months
then companies like Pony AI can continue
to ramp up its
fleet size which it sees as a really
important development to help it to
bring it closer to profitability
>> Person power, I think, is a tricky
metric to get right for these robot taxi
companies.
For one thing, they actually would be
able to charge a lower pricing in some
circumstances than conventional
conventional taxi operators because
having a human driver is one of the
biggest cost factors for running these
taxi fleets.
So, once the robot taxi companies
operate on a fully driverless
scale, so without involved, they
actually are able to remove a big cost
factor from the operations. So, that's
one thing
helping helping it in its favor. But, on
the other hand, they can't actually
realistically charge too much lower than
the existing taxi fares in the cities
that they operate in because right now
there's a huge debate about AI replacing
humans in all of these
industries and workplaces. So, I think
regulators in China, as well as in other
parts of the world, have to consider
maintaining, I think, a minimum um
competitive
level competitive playing ground for the
taxi drivers against these robot taxi
companies and that at least in terms of
pricing, they might have to maintain a
similar levels so that the robot taxi
companies won't be able to undercut the
existing taxi operators so quickly.
We'll watch those results, Linda. Thank
you so much for getting us set up. Great
stuff. Bloomberg's Asia transport
reporter Linda Liu there. Now to some of
these other corporate stories we're
following as well. The Shanghai Stock
Exchange says they'll hold a meeting
next week to review the IPO application
of Chinese robotic startup Unitree,
according to its prospectus [music]
released in March, Unitree was planning
to raise about $620 million with listing
on the Star board. It said [music] the
proceeds would fund research into AI
models for robotics, develop new
products, and expand manufacturing.
[music]
One of Samsung's smaller unions is
reportedly seeking to hold [music] a
vote on a tentative wage agreement
between the company and its largest
union. [music] Yonhap says the union
representing non-semiconductor workers
plans to file an injunction with the
Suwon [music] District Court today. The
tentative deal Samsung struck last week
staved off a potentially catastrophic
strike.
BHP has reportedly pulled back on key
decarbonization [music] projects in its
West Australian iron ore operations,
according to leaked internal documents
cited by The Guardian and ABC
Television. [music]
The company last year shelved or
deferred solar, wind, and battery
[music] projects. A BHP spokesperson
says many technologies the mining
industry needs to achieve net zero are
not yet ready to deploy.
For more ahead, keep it here with us.
This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> All right, we're checking when it comes
to coking [music] coal futures here this
morning. Uh we obviously had a spike as
we kicked off the week here after of
course that deadly coal mine blast in
Shanxi province over the weekend. So
certainly we're continuing to track
where the things lie when it comes to
the investigation and the like here
today, April.
Yeah. Um we are continuing to track that
story, of course. Our Bloomberg Opinion
columnist David Fickling argues that
China is increasing safety risks by
pushing coal production too hard to
ensure energy security. David joins us
for more on his latest piece.
David, I know you've been writing about
this for a long time. To be fair though,
China has made some headway in terms of
safety in these coal mines, but I guess
there is a bit more pressure now given
the ramped up security
energy security needs. But talk to us
first
about why these incidents keep
happening.
Yeah, yeah, I mean as you say, there
have been huge improvements. You know,
you go back to the 2000s and there were
5, 6,000 people dying a year uh in in
China's coal mines. And And now that's a
There's There's still quite a lot of
these accidents. This is a big
individual one, but it's with the the
totals in the sort of hundreds per year.
But But coal mines are fundamentally
dangerous environments. They're
obviously full of coal dust, which is
very flammable.
But they also produce a lot of methane.
And you mix those together, all you need
is like a spark from a conveyor that's
not been maintained properly. And of
course that's always going to be a
higher problem as you know, as the
government's pushing more output
targets, produce more coal, maintenance
standards tend to go down. All you need
is is is for that to happen and you
know, a very sort of serious accident
can happen.
And one thing I'd say about this mine,
it's a coking coal mine. It's a deep
mine. It sounds like the the blast was
about 300 m below the surface.
These mines tend to have a lot of
methane. They tend to emanate a lot of
methane. Coking coal is associated with
these gassy deposits.
Methane tends to increase the deeper
down you go. So it's no surprise this is
the sort of mine where we're seeing this
happening.
And you wrote that
if we you know, reforms to the steel
industry, David, might actually help
this. How?
Yeah, I mean this is an underappreciated
point, but of course coking coal is not
burnt in power stations. It's used in
blast furnaces for producing steel. And
coking coal as I said is is the type
that is particularly associated with
some of these disasters. A lot of the
thermal coal for power stations comes
from surface mines in open pits and the
risks are much lower. Um, now China has
plans um to shift a lot of its steel
production away from blast furnaces and
to electric furnaces. They don't use
coking coal. Um, and as it, you know,
they're also better for um for the for
the environment. The emissions from them
are
are much lower as well. But the steel
industry has been pretty reluctant to um
to hit those targets. They wanted about
15% of steel from uh electric furnaces
last year. Um, the industry is way below
that that uh and is actually in there's
some indications that it's sort of
deteriorating further away from that.
The industry seems reluctant to um to
shift. Um, a lot of the consumers um you
know, this shift from construction steel
to manufacturing steel for cars and and
appliances. Um,
a lot of those consumers want some of
the sort of higher quality steel that
comes best from blast furnaces. So, so
we're not seeing that movement yet, but
it when we do, that will decrease the
demand for coking coal and the risk of
these disasters.
And of course, working towards
minimizing such incidents would also be
helpful for energy security. I mean, how
should we be thinking about it?
Yeah, I mean this you know, a thing to
bear in mind about this that a lot of
the world at the moment is is panicking
about having too little methane
essentially cuz it's LNG. This is the
stuff that's blocked behind the the
Strait of Hormuz.
But of course in China the the problem
right now is is too much methane deep in
these mines that's causing explosions.
And I mean that that may seem a sort of
trike comparison, but when you look at
the scale of it,
China's coal mines emit about 60 billion
cubic meters of
methane per year. Um, China's imports of
LNG are 100 billion cubic meters of
LNG per year. So, it's really on the
same scale as that. This is a a massive
amount. Qatar's
exports of LNG are similarly about 100
billion cubic meters a year. So, if if
China could actually tap more of this
stuff, and it is doing that in Shanxi,
we're seeing a lot of coal bed methane
is being tapped, then it improves its
own energy security. It's not as
dependent as imported gas.
David, it's great to have you. Thanks
for bringing us your column, of course.
David Fickling there, a Bloomberg
Opinion Columnist. Of course, you can
read David's piece today. Three Steps to
Stop China's Mine Disasters is available
[music] on the terminal. You can also
check it out on bloomberg.com.
All right, we talked about when it comes
to the Hang Seng, it's not that [music]
interesting here today. But look at some
of these pretty outsized moves across
the chip space here today. SMIC, Hua
Hong semi on the Huawei story. And then
you have the likes of Lenovo, [music]
which is actually outperforming the chip
space here. Goldman just upgrading their
price target [music] here by doubling
it. The stock's at a record here right
now, and they're really citing strong
profit [music] outlook in the firm's AI
server segment and revenue potential as
an AI agent business. So, that re-rating
continues for another day.
So, that's it for us in the China show.